ROX-26055: TLS certs loader init container (#13401)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

- ROX-26849: Introduce report caching for RHCOS Node Indexing
- ROX-25638: Introduce configurable log rotation. `ROX_LOGGING_MAX_ROTATION_FILES` and `ROX_LOGGING_MAX_SIZE_MB` variables allow for configuring the number and the size of a central log rotation file.

> - ROX-14332: Auto certificate renewal for Secured Clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ROX-14332: Automatic service certificate renewal for Secured Clusters installed using Helm or operator.
```
